Fix shiny Tileset when using KHR Materials Unlit (#1061)
CesiumGS/cesium-unreal: CHANGES.md

- The `FlyToAltitudeProfileCurve`, `FlyToProgressCurve`, `FlyToMaximumAltitudeCurve`, `FlyToDuration`, and `FlyToGranularityDegrees` properties of `GlobeAwareDefaultPawn`  / `DynamicPawn` may now be read and written from Blueprints.

##### Fixes :wrench:

> - Fixed wierd reflection on tilesets with KHR Materials Unlit when the sun is close to the horizon. Added option to ignore KHR Materials Unlit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed unexpected reflection on tilesets with `KHR_materials_unlit` extension when the sun is close to the horizon. 
- Added an option to ignore the `KHR_materials_unlit` extension entirely.
```
